In this lecture we will learn about the mouse events that each female gives us access to the mouse events
that a [REMOVED] gives us access to or on click on double click on mouse down on mouse move on mouse out
on mouse over on mouse up and on mouse wheel for these examples.
We will add a paragraph element with the on click attribute specifying a function we will write next.
Then we will add some example text to the paragraph element we will add an opening and closing script
tag.
Then we will create or function and make it display an alert that says fire in a mouse event.
If the user performs the mouse event that we specify the On Click event fires when the user clicks an
element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
when we click on the element you will notice that the alert is displayed.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example.
The on double click event fires when the user double clicks on an element.
Next we will go to the web browser and run our code
when we double click on the element.
You will notice that the alert is displayed.
Let's jump back to the editor
the on mouse down event fires when the mouse button is pressed down on an element.
Next we will go to the web browser and run our code
by pressing the left mouse button while the cursor is over the element.
You will notice that the alert is fired.
Let's jump back to the editor on mouse move is a mouse event that fires when the mouse cursor moves.
And it has over an element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
when we move the mouse and the cursor is over our element.
You will notice that the alert is displayed.
Let's jump back to the editor the on mouse out event fires when the user moves the cursor off of an
element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code when we move the mouse cursor off of the element.
You will notice that the alert is displayed.
Let's jump back to the editor the on mouse over event fires when the user moves the cursor over an element.
Next we will go to the web browser and run our code when we move the cursor over the text.
You will notice that the alert is displayed.
Let's jump back to the editor the mouse up event fires when the user releases the mouse button over
an element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code when we release the mouse button while the cursor is over
our element.
You will notice that the alert is displayed.
Let's jump back to the editor the on wheel event fires when the mouse wheel rolls up or down over an
element.
Next we will go to the web browser and run our code.
If we move the mouse wheel while the cursor is over an element you will notice that the killer is displayed
HVM ellos mouse events are useful when we want to write code that will fire based on mouse actions and
the next lecture we will learn about drag events in HVM L..